Put all the objects in a line
Put all the objects in a vertical line
Put all the objects in a vertical line on the left side of the board.
Put all the objects in a vertical line on the right side of the board.
Put everything in a horizontal line
Put everything in a horizontal line near the bottom of the board.
Put everything in a horizontal line near the top of the board.
Arrange objects in a diagonal line.
Arrange the objects in a diagonal line from the top left corner to the bottom right corner.
Arrange the objects in a diagonal line from the top right corner to the bottom left corner.
Separate the objects by color.
Separate the objects into two clumps: one clump of objects that has flat edges, and one clump of objects that has no flat edges.
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the yellow hexagon.
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the yellow heart
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the blue square
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the blue semi-circle
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the green circle
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the green star
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the red circle
Surround all of the rest of the objects around the red star
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the blue blocks, then the red blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the blue blocks, then the green blocks, then the red blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the green blocks, then the red blocks, then the blue blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the green blocks, then the blue blocks, then the red blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the red blocks, then the blue blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the yellow blocks, then the red blocks, then the green blocks, then the blue blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the red blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the green blocks, then the red blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the green blocks, then the red blocks, then the yellow blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the green blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the red blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the red blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the blue blocks, then the red blocks, then the green blocks, then the yellow blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the blue blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the green blocks, then the blue blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the green blocks, then the blue blocks, then the yellow blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the green blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the blue blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the blue blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the green blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the red blocks, then the blue blocks, then the green blocks, then the yellow blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the green blocks, then the blue blocks, then the yellow blocks, then the red blocks.
Put the objects from left to right in the following order: the green blocks, then the blue blocks, then the red blocks, then the yellow blocks.
Put the blue objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top left corner.
Put the green objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top left corner.
Put the red objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top left corner.
Put the yellow objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top left corner.
Put the blue objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top right corner.
Put the green objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top right corner.
Put the red objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top right corner.
Put the yellow objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the top right corner.
Put the blue objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom left corner.
Put the green objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom left corner.
Put the red objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom left corner.
Put the yellow objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom left corner.
Put the blue objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom right corner.
Put the green objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom right corner.
Put the red objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom right corner.
Put the yellow objects in the center, and put the rest of the objects in the bottom right corner.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating green and red blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating blue and yellow blocks.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating yellow and red blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating green and blue blocks.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating yellow and green blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating red and blue blocks.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating blue and red blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating green and yellow blocks.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating blue and green blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating red and yellow blocks.
On the left side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating blue and yellow blocks. On the right side of the scene, make a vertical line with alternating red and green blocks.
Order the blocks from left to right in increasing order of how many "sides" they have. The circle is 1. For example, the square is 4. The semi-circle and heart have 2.
Order the blocks from right to left in increasing order of how many "sides" they have. The circle is 1. For example, the square is 4. The semi-circle and heart have 2.
Order the blocks from top to bottom in increasing order of how many "sides" they have. The circle is 1. For example, the square is 4. The semi-circle and heart have 2.
Order the blocks from bottom to top in increasing order of how many "sides" they have. The circle is 1. For example, the square is 4. The semi-circle and heart have 2.
Put all the objects in the bottom right corner
Put all the objects in the bottom left corner
Put all the objects in the top right corner
Put all the objects in the top left corner
Put the two stars together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the bottom left
Put the two stars together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the bottom right
Put the two stars together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the top left
Put the two stars together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the top right
Put the two circles together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the bottom left
Put the two circles together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the bottom right
Put the two circles together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the top left
Put the two circles together in the center of the table, and the rest of the objects in the top right
Put the two blue blocks together, and put the stars on either side of the blue blocks.
Put the two blue blocks together, and put the circles on either side of the blue blocks.
Put the two yellow blocks together, and put the stars on either side of the yellow blocks.
Put the two yellow blocks together, and put the circles on either side of the yellow blocks.
Order the shapes from left to right in alphabetical order: circle (x2), heart, hexagon, semi-circle, square, star (x2)
Order the shapes from right to left in alphabetical order: circle (x2), heart, hexagon, semi-circle, square, star (x2)
Order the shapes from top to bottom in alphabetical order: circle (x2), heart, hexagon, semi-circle, square, star (x2)
Order the shapes from bottom to top in alphabetical order: circle (x2), heart, hexagon, semi-circle, square, star (x2)
Put all the blocks in a big circle.
Put all the blocks in a big rectangle.
Put all the blocks in a big square.
Arrange the blocks into a big "X" shape.
Arrange the blocks into a big "+" (plus sign) shape.
Arrange the blocks into a big "T" shape.
Arrange the blocks into a "rainbow" (red then yellow then green then blue) in a semi-circle
Make a smiley face out of the blocks, with green eyes.
Make a smiley face out of the blocks, with yellow eyes.
Make a smiley face out of the blocks, with red eyes.
Make a smiley face out of the blocks, with blue eyes.
Make a "G" shape out of the blocks
Make a "4" shape out of the blocks
Spell "Google" with the blocks as best you can